Data here was gathered by modeling a lumped element resonator in AWR with a coupling capacity to a transmission line. Impedance in the line is changed to cause an
impedance mismatch and data is taken across impedance mismatches.

Note that the number of bandwidths tested here correlate to the following:
1: A single 3dB bandwidth correlating to Q (DCM) or Qi (INV)
4: The recommended number of bandwidths to use for fitting according to:
   S. Probst, F. B. Song, P. A. Bushev, A. V. Ustinov, and M. Weides      Review of Scientific Instruments 86, 024706 (2015); doi: 10.1063/1.4907935
100: An extreme case correlating to an excessive amount of data used

It is apparent from these graphs that using the full data from the output of AWR will not give as accurate of a result as when the data is cropped to an appropriate
number of 3dB bandwidths. This is likely because the S21 fit equations become less accurate the further the point is from resonance due to approximations built into 
them. While the difference in percent error between 1 bandwidth used and 100 bandwidths used is considerable in the case of the small Qi, the difference between using 
1 bandwidth and using 4 does not appear to be very large. This indicates that as long as a reasonable number of bandwidths are used, the data should have a low 
percent error for the order of Qi=10^2. Additionally, the percent error across various impedance mismatches does not appear to change as much for INV as it seems to 
for DCM, however this is misleading. The difference is due to the fact that the definitions for 3dB bandwidths change depending on which fit is being used. Originally
the 3dB bandwidth is defined with resect to Q, however, once the data has been inversed the 3dB bandwidth is defined with respect to Qi. It is of importance to note 
that the act of inversing the S21 data will cause the number of points being fit in INV and DCM to differ, with INV having less points used for fitting in almost 
every case. This is equivalant to using a small extract factor in DCM. Although the graphs may indicate that INV has better results for given 3dB bandwidths used 
(due to the change in definition of 3dB bandwidth), if a similar number of points are used in bothfits, they will get similar results.

Ideally, the smallest possible bandwidth would be used. However, in a practical measurement with noise and other contributing factors this is not always possible.
Therefore, in the case of this program an extract factor of 1 (corresponding to data withing 1 3dB bandwidth centered around resonance) will be used.
This ensures that the program will have a reasonable number of points to fit with provided that the data is taken around resonance, while still being low enough
that the accuracy of the fitting will not be compromised to a considerable extent.